chore: deprecate package (#51)
ionic-team/ionic-react-test-utils: README.md

# Deprecation Notice

**Note: This project has been deprecated and is no longer actively maintained.**

> **Use [Ionic Testing Library](https://ionicframework.com/docs/react/testing/introduction) for instructions on testing your Ionic React app.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**See the [Ionic Testing Library documentation](https://ionicframework.com/docs/react/testing/introduction) for instructions on testing your Ionic React app.**
```

Optional, but the way it was worded made me initially think there was an "Ionic Testing Library" package that devs should use
